# Question 1: Backward Compatibility

Your team is discussing the following code:

```java
public final class DataStructure {
    public void add(int val) { /*...*/ }

    private boolean isFull() { /*...*/ }
}
```

1) One of your colleagues suggests that `add` should be changed to return a boolean indicating whether the passed value
   was added or not. Explain whether this breaks backward compatibility and why or why not (without worrying about
   whether this is a good or a bad thing).
- This does not break backward compatibility because currently users do not expect a return type. Since, the return 
values are not used, we can add a return value without breaking stuff. **SOLUTION: NOT BINARY COMPATIBLE BUT SOURCE 
COMPATIBLE**

2) Another colleague thinks that `isFull` should be made public. Explain whether this breaks backward compatibility
   and why or why not (also without worrying about whether this is a good or a bad thing)
- This does not break backward compatibility because we are adding a feature w/o changing something anything that is in
the current distribution of the code. 

3) They were thinking as well of changing the parameter type of `add` to an `Integer`. Explain whether this breaks
   backward compatibility and why or why not (also without worrying about whether this is a good or a bad thing).
- This does not break backward compatibility because 'Integer' is a wrapper of the base type 'int', hence, all operations
that were made on objects should still work now. **SOLUTION: NOT BINARY COMPATIBLE BUT SOURCE COMPATIBLE**

