You work in a team that is developing a weather application that brings together data from several sources. One of your
colleagues is responsible for creating a client for a weather service that returns data in JSON format. Your colleague
suggests creating a weather client interface that returns the weather as a string, then a class that gets (fetches from
the weather service) and returns the JSON, and a decorator that extracts the weather prediction from that JSON and
returns it. What do you think?

The colleague correctly uses the design patterns. However, it seems to cumbersome to fetch the weather as a string only
to convert it to a json in the next step. With high probability, we wont need the weather data in string representation 
at any point. Therefore, we should do the entire functionality in one module. 
**SOLUTION: correct that we should only use one class for the entire functionality. WRONG REASON: decorator does not 
make sense here because it provides the same interface.**

Another colleague needs to create a client for a weather service that already has a library ready. However, the
interface offered by this library does not correspond to the one your app expects. Your colleague thinks of creating a
decorator to convert these interfaces. What do you think?

A decorator (middleware) provides by definition exactly the same interfaces as the lower module. So in this case it 
wouldn't help anything. One could do a facade**WRONG: use adapter** that converts the provided interface into the needed one.