# Scrum workflow

You are part of a team developing a mobile app using Scrum.

One of your colleagues suggests that your team should organize daily
Scrum meetings to discuss the progress of the tasks and how to implement
complex features. He especially wants to discuss the implementation of
a feature that will allow users to scan a QR code to get a discount, and
would like some input from the team. What are your thoughts on this?

> Daily SCRUM meetings are good but each team member should only inform the others about the progress, the next steps 
> and the roadblocks ahead. There is no discussion at daily scrum meetings. The colleague should schedule a meeting with 
> someone with expertise on QR codes to discuss his concerns. The daily SCRUM meeting is not the right place for that. 

When using the app, you identified multiple bugs and features which
you think should be implemented, and took some notes. You want to
share these with the Product Owner. Your backlog of tasks looks like this:

- [ ] As a registered user, I can click on the settings button from the
  navigation pane, so I can access the settings screen from everywhere in the
  app.
- [ ] Login
- [ ] [Bug] The landing page doesn't render well, if the language of my device
  is not English.
- [ ] [Bug] When I click on the home button, the app doesn't redirect me there
  (tested from multiple locations in the app).

Which of these items are suitable to be submitted to the Product Backlog? Why?

> The first one is a good user story => can go to the product backlog. 
> The second one is bad because it is not a user story. 
> The third and the fourth are good aswell because they describe bugs. 
> 
> SOLUTION: The third one does not specify well enough what is concretely wrong "render well" is vague
