# Scrum Board

With this exercise, you will learn how to manage the Scrum process in GitHub.

1. Create a new repository.
2. Go to the Project tab and create a new project.
3. Create 4 columns:
    - Product Backlog
    - Sprint Backlog
    - In progress
    - Done
4. Create 3 User stories as notes in the Product Backlog.
    - Who should be updating the Product Backlog? What is the format of a User Story.
> The product owner, as a ... I want ... such that ... . 
5. Place one of the user stories in the Sprint Backlog.
    - Convert it to an issue
    - Include in the body of the issue a description with details what exact tasks the User story consists of (example:
      implement a class User, create a front end for the profile page, test front end, test back end)
    - Is testing a separate task or is it a part of each task?
> Testing is part of each task. 
> 
> SOLUTION: the team can decide how to handle testing. It can be recorded on the Scrum Board in either way
  - Who pulls items from the Product Backlog to the Sprint Backlog? How do you determine how many items to put there?
> The team does that, there should be as many items in the Sprint Backlog as there are tasks that can be finished. 
6. Create issues for tasks in the descriptions of the User Stories.
    - Where should you place these tasks?
> In the Sprint Backlog. 
7. Imagine you have teammates, how would you assign the Tasks in the Sprint Backlog to the different people on the
   team?
> They should choose themselfs. 
8. Where do you put bugs?
> The Product Owner puts them in the Product Backlog. 
9. Search for alternative methods to manage the Scrum board (Milestones, labels, etc.)
    - What are the pros and cons of the different ways?
    - What combinations of techniques can you imagine?
    - Who has the responsibility of updating the board?
    - When should you decide on a tool to use?
> The Scrum Manager has to decide what is best
