You just started an internship in an IT services company.

Your first task is about maintaining an old version of a product still used by a large customer.
A bug just got fixed in the latest version of the product, and you must fix it in the old version.

You ask where the source code is, and a developer shows you a repository in which the development team makes a single commit each week with the week's work.
The old version is in another repository, which is a copy of the original repository made back when the version was released.

Suggest (1) a better way to handle old versions, (2) a better way to apply bugfixes to these versions, and (3) a process to apply your recommendations starting from the current state.

(1) only use one GIT repo for the entire project. Add tages to commits upon publishing a new version of the project. Like this
    one can easily find the latest commit that contributed to the version of the large customer. From this commit one can start a new branch where we can fix the bug of the large customer. Furthermore, commits should contain only changes that are logically related, i.e. one commit per week is way to less. 
(2) Use branches for bugfixes. Use the main branch to develop new versions. 
(3) Find the first commit in the repo of the new version. Find this very commit in the repo of the old version. Link the two 
    repos by adjusting the pointers of the commits. ** Solution: 1.) create new branches in the repo for each version and push the existing code for each branch. 2.) Force all developers to use pull requests if they wan't to add smth. 3.) Fixes that need backporting can be moved with cherry-picking. **